.TH DLN 1  "June 14, 2009" "DLN (DEFS) version 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
DLN \- A userspace utility to create delta files based on source and input
files for use with defs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dln [options] SrcFile InFile
.SH DESCRIPTION
DLN (Delta LiNk) is a userspace utility for use with defs.  It creates delta
files based on source and input files that can be used with defs without any
other work required.  Technically, any VCDIFF complaint binary differencer
can be used to create delta files for use with defs, but then the user would
also have to manually add an entry to the defs database.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "general options:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR   \fB\-\-help\fR
print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR   \fB\-\-version\fR
print version
.SS "DLN options:"
.TP
\fB\-v\fR   \fB\-\-verbose\fR
verbose mode
.TP
\fB\-s\fR   \fB\-\-silent\fR
silent mode
.TP
\fB\-S\fR   \fB\-\-safe\fR
safe mode retains the temporarly input files (InputFile.dlnbak) instead of
replacing them with the delta file.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR   \fB\-\-output\fR
specify a different output file.  The default behavior is to replace the 
input file.
.TP
\fB\-o windowabs=size
configures the window size of the VCDIFF delta files.  Smaller
sizes allow for more granularity during decodes, but larger file sizes.
.TP
\fB\-o windowrel=size
configures the windows size of the VCDIFF delta files relative to the size
of the original file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Replace input file with delta file based on source file for use with defs
.B dln /source/file /input/file
.PP
.SH AUTHORS
Patrick Stetter <chipmaster32@gmail.com>, Corey McClymonds <galeru@gmail.com>
